Sol 1. Installed Linux (Ubuntu)

Sol 2.
   a) mkdir foldername
   b) gedit file1.txt
   gedit file2.txt
   c) Written
   d) mv file1.txt f.txt && mv file2.txt file1.txt && mv file.txt file2.txt 
   e) cat file1.txt file2.txt
   f) cat file1.txt file2.txt > file3.txt
   g) rm Documents/LAMP

Sol 3. No, we are not able to excute the file. Its because when we change HTML file to PHP extension, on double click it shows the code not the output as we a expect. This is because we need a host server to open a PHP file.

Sol 4. We can execute a file with a PHP extension by installing and starting Apache2 server using the command, "sudo Apache2 start", and then the PHP file will work. This is because PHP files are processed by web servers using an interpreter, which executes the code.

Sol 5. Installed XAMPP in windows.

Sol 6. PHP file does not run even after installing XAMPP. We have to put it inside XAMPP in a folder named "htdocs" so that it could run (C:/Program Files/XAMPP/htdocs).

Sol 7. LAMP - Linux Apache MySQL PHP

   1. Linux is an Operating System.
   2. Apache is an open source web-server that handles HTTP requests.
   3. MySQL is a Database server.
   4. PHP (Hypertext Preprocessor) is a programming language that is mostly web-oriented.

   XAMPP - Cross Platform (X), Apache MariaDB PHP Pearl
   1. X stands for cross platform or the "X".
   2. Apache is an open source web-server that handles HTTP requests.
   3. MariaDB is a community developed more secure version of MySQL.
   4. PHP (Hypertext Preprocessor) is a programming language that is mostly web-oriented.
   5. Pearl is a cross-platform language which works with HTML, XML and other markup languages.
Sol 8. Command to start Apache2 server :"sudo service Apache2 start" Command to stop Apache2 server : "sudo service Apache2 stop"

Sol 9. We can access 127.0.0.1 by typing "localhost" also, as it has been provided domain name as "localhost". Similarly we can access 142.250.183.14 using domain name "google.com".

Sol 10. Attached in Repository
